Update resource-reference-gcp.md (#936)
astronomer/docs: astro/resource-reference-gcp.md

| [Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres) | The Cloud SQL instance is the primary database for the Astro data plane. It hosts the metadata database for each Airflow Deployment hosted on the GKE cluster | 1 Regional Instance with 4 vCPUs, 16GB Memory |
| Storage Bucket | GCS Bucket for storage of Airflow task logs | 1 bucket with name `airflow-logs-<clusterid>` |
| Nodes | Nodes power the Data Plane and Airflow components. Nodes autoscale as Deployments are added. | 3x n2-medium-4 for the system nodes; worker nodes default to e2-medium-4 and are provisioned as required, up to Max Node Count |

> | Maximum Node Count | The maximum number ofnodes that your Astro cluster can support. When this limit is reached, your Astro cluster can't auto-scale and worker Pods may fail to schedule. | 20 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum Node Count | The maximum number of nodes that your Astro cluster can support. When this limit is reached, your Astro cluster can't auto-scale and worker Pods may fail to schedule. | 20 |
```
